So far in my audio narrative, I have found a few sources to illustrate the early sounds, feelings, and atmosphere of a soccer match. My narrative begins pre-game, leading up to the opening whistle of the match. I have began layering the sounds of the main match, which currently includes noise from both players and fans. Gaps in the audio are placeholders for scenes that focuse on a particular player. As I continue to work through the narrative, I will seek to play around with volume and cross-fading to create tension and increase the pacing of the story. I am still gathering all the sounds I will use for the narrative, and looking to arrange them in a way that makes sense. The long clip at the end of the audio is an unedited piece (I have not yet finished listening to it and deciding if there are portions I will be keeping). I plan for the climax of the story to be when the player takes the final shot, with the conclusion focusing on the cheers and celebrations of those in the stadium. One of the biggest questions I am asking myself is whether or not I want to incorporate self-recorded clips into the piece. One slight issue I am having is finding audio that matches up well with each other, and recording clips myself and resolve that. However, at the same time, it might break the immersion within the narrative. As I continue piecing the narrative together I should have more clarity on what would be the best course of action. I am also still trying to figure how the narrative ends, and what sound will be used to mark it. 