(1/28/2025)
So far in my audio narrative, I have found a few sources to illustrate the early sounds, feelings, and atmosphere of a soccer match. My narrative begins pre-game, leading up to the opening whistle of the match. I have began layering the sounds of the main match, which currently includes noise from both players and fans. Gaps in the audio are placeholders for scenes that focuse on a particular player. As I continue to work through the narrative, I will seek to play around with volume and cross-fading to create tension and increase the pacing of the story. I am still gathering all the sounds I will use for the narrative, and looking to arrange them in a way that makes sense. The long clip at the end of the audio is an unedited piece (I have not yet finished listening to it and deciding if there are portions I will be keeping). I plan for the climax of the story to be when the player takes the final shot, with the conclusion focusing on the cheers and celebrations of those in the stadium. One of the biggest questions I am asking myself is how I want to incorporate self-recorded clips into the piece. One slight issue I am having is finding audio that matches up well with each other, and recording clips myself may resolve that. However, at the same time, it might break the immersion within the narrative. As I continue piecing the narrative together I should have more clarity on what would be the best course of action. If what I end up recording includes dialogue, I will likely have someone else speak to maintain the theme and setting of the scene. I am also still trying to figure how the narrative ends, and what sound will be used to mark it.

(2/2/2025)
As I finish up the completed draft in my narrative, I am left feeling as though there is a lot of room for improvement. While I have the main structure of my piece solidified, I am look for areas to add some more clips to lengthen how long it is. I have tried to create tension by gradually fading and distorting out the sounds of the crowd, along with increasing the pacing of the clips. I think it may be useful to further enhance these changes, but I worry that two much editing will make the piece shorter than it should be. Additionally, I am considering adding other scenes into the piece, but I an currently uncertain on what other elements would be useful. 

(2/5/2025)
Going into the final day of in-class workshop, I am feeling quite unsatisfied with my project. I feel as though the vision I had in my head for it has not translated well into an audio-exclusive format, and so, I am still pondering ways of improving the narrative. Unfortunately, most of the feedback I got from classmates failed to give me suggestions on how to improve - in all honestly, they made more frustrated if anything. As I prepare to submit a final copy of my narrative, I will look to focus on increasing its length and further emphasizing its effects.
